Update explainer.md to clarify animation start time (#135)
WICG/shared-element-transitions: explainer.md

- Open question: What are the default durations and easings?
- Open question: Are the generated keyframes usable outside the UA stylesheet? If so, what are they called?
- [Open question](https://github.com/WICG/shared-element-transitions/issues/84): Default animations work well for things which are at least partially in-viewport in both Page-A and Page-B, but it gets tricky if you consider a non-sticky header that scrolled out of view by 1000s of pixels.

All of these can be overridden by the developer via CSS animations.

> Note that the animation start when Page-B is ready to render its first frame. Developers can configure this using the [blocking attribute](https://github.com/whatwg/html/issues/7131). The animation is considered complete once all animations on all the pseudo-elements finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the animation starts when Page-B is ready to render its first frame. Developers can configure this using the [blocking attribute](https://github.com/whatwg/html/issues/7131). The animation is considered complete once all animations on all the ::page-transition* pseudo-elements finish.
```
